Add SharedWorker extendedLifetime documentation (#43955)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/sharedworker/sharedworker/index.md

    - `name`
      - : A string specifying an
        identifying name for the {{domxref("SharedWorkerGlobalScope")}} representing the scope of the worker, which is mainly useful for debugging purposes.
    - `extendedLifetime`
      - : A boolean indicating whether the Shared Worker is allowed to live for a short period (typically 10-seconds to 5 minutes) after all pages using the shared worker have been navigated away from.
        This allows developers to perform some work as the user navigates away from the page. For example, writing to storage, or sending data back to servers, to save state or record analytics.

>         The exact time may differ per browser. Chrome uses 30 seconds for example.

Reviewer: My main nit was that the developers perform work, while it is actually the worker hard at it. The rest is just what I think is a little clearer.

```suggestion
      - : A boolean indicating whether the Shared Worker is allowed to remain alive for a short period after all pages using it have been navigated away from or closed.
        This allows work to be done after the user navigates away from the page, such as writing state information to storage, or sending analytics data back to servers.
        The exact time that the worker is kept alive depends on tthe browser, and could be anywhere between 10 seconds and 5 minutes (Chrome uses 30 seconds).
```

    - `name`
      - : A string specifying an
        identifying name for the {{domxref("SharedWorkerGlobalScope")}} representing the scope of the worker, which is mainly useful for debugging purposes.
    - `extendedLifetime`
      - : A boolean indicating whether the shared worker is allowed to remain alive for a short period after all pages using it have been navigated away from or closed.

        This allows work to be done after the user navigates away from the page, such as writing state information to storage, or sending analytics data back to servers.

>         The exact time that the worker is kept alive depends on the browser, and could be anywhere between 10 seconds and 5 minutes (Chrome uses 30 seconds).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        This is provided to allow work to be done after the user navigates away from the page, such as writing state information to storage, or sending analytics data back to servers.
        The exact time that the worker is kept alive depends on the browser, and could be anywhere between 10 seconds and 5 minutes (Chrome uses 30 seconds).
        
        For more information see [Shared worker lifetime](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Workers_API/Using_web_workers#shared_worker_lifetime) in _Using web workers_.    
```

    - `name`
      - : A string specifying an
        identifying name for the {{domxref("SharedWorkerGlobalScope")}} representing the scope of the worker, which is mainly useful for debugging purposes.
    - `extendedLifetime`
      - : A boolean indicating whether the Shared Worker is allowed to remain alive for a short period after all pages using it have been navigated away from or closed.

>         Browsers _may_ also keep workers alive between same-origin navigations to avoid the cost of restarting a shared worker used by a site when the user is navigating from page to page within that site. The `extendedLifetime` option extends beyond just that use case to when the shared worker is not immediately reused. For example, when navigating to pages that do not use the shared work or when navigating away from the site completely.

Reviewer: FYI, removing this bit. Too much information for here.

Author: I agree it is quite wordy, but I think it would be good to keep some of this because:

1) It's not always obvious that browsers do keep it alive and there's been some debate about this when standardising `extendedLifetime` (see [this thread](https://groups.google.com/a/chromium.org/g/blink-dev/c/gibsFdrin2s/m/QMI3YxJiBwAJ) and [this Chrome bug](https://issues.chromium.org/issues/507358432) and also [this Firefox bug](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=2036038).
2) Developers may be confused what `extendedLifetime` brings to the table when this use case is already covered.

Happy to consider any editing suggestions to reduce the length but preserve this clarity.

WDYT @hamishwillee ?

Reviewer: @tunetheweb I don't think it should be there - though if the between-same-origin navigations is a time-based keep-alive then maybe there is some justification (as opposed to just "we know it is a same-origin nav, let's keep alive).

The compromise here is that I have added a see-also for more information that points to the shared worker lifetime section. That includes the same information.

I think that is sufficient - if developers are wondering about other aspects of worker lifetime, that is a better place to be reading anyway.

Author: That works for me thanks.

FYI, it is time-based keep-alive.

          - : Only `SameSite=None` cookies will be available to the worker.
            This option is supported in first-party and third-party contexts, and is the default in third-party contexts.

> [!WARNING]

> > Pages can only open one type of shared worker. Attempting to open the same Shared Worker with different `type`, `credentials`, `name` or `extendedLifetime` values will fail to start the second instance and result in an error when the shared worker is attempted to be used.

Reviewer: I think the first sentence is a bit confusing because "type" is undefined and is also one of your options. Is this what you mean?

```suggestion
> Once a Shared Worker is started, its `type`, `credentials`, `name`, and `extendedLifetime` are fixed.
> Other pages that load/connect to the same Shared Worker must use the same values, or the contruction will error.
```

Author: Good point, but I'm going to tweak the wording here.

I'm also going to change the capitalisation (it's "shared worker" or "`SharedWorker`" on the current page which I think is correct).

I'm also going to add an example of this as there's a subtlety here that's caught me a few times now.

```suggestion
> A shared worker is identified by it's URL and `name` and once running the `type`, `credentials`, and `extendedLifetime` options are fixed.
> Attempting to constructing a new shared worker for the same script with the same name, but with different `type`, `credentials`, and `extendedLifetime` options values will error. If different values are required.
> If different values are required, then start two workers with different `name` values.
```

For a full example, see our [Basic shared worker example](https://github.com/mdn/dom-examples/tree/main/web-workers/simple-shared-worker) ([run shared worker](https://mdn.github.io/dom-examples/web-workers/simple-shared-worker/).)

> ### Constructing an already running worker will reuse the existing worker

Reviewer: FYI I reduced the set of examples - same information, but kept is mor generic.

Author: LGTM! Thanks.
